# StomaWell
# This is the project for the StomaWell product that I am doing for Internet Programming in the Summer I course of 2026 at TAMUCC
# This is the first experience I have with HTML or CSS and it is a very cool language to learn! I am now learning how website operate and will continue to do so!

# 1. Description: This project is called the StomaWell Care Assistant, this web page will be a website that works in tandem with a product that is being patented right now that will give you care assistance for using the StomaWell table, the StomaWell is a table that will make the cleaning of a Stoma much easier and cleaner for the user. Instead of having to clean the stoma in the shower or somewhere that is not supposed to be messy, the StomaWell table will help with this. And the Care Assitant is a website that the user of the StomaWell can go to for tips on sanitization, more information on the StomaWell, care instructions, and more. 

# 2. How to run: You can run this project by just copying the zip that is included and loading it into your web browser

# 3. The data source for this is going to be a local JSON file, I have decided to do this as my project runs off of information for a tool that is not available and not fully finished, so the JSON file includes much of the information used for this kind of "product"

# 4. AI assitance disclosure:  This project was used alongside AI assistance. For this project I came up with the base, rough idea of what I wanted, a stomawell app that could be used by people for their stomawell needs. I then created the skeleton of the project and then I used Claude to help me with the formatting of files. I asked the AI to help me with the project and still give me some leeway to still have input on what was going on. AI helped with the creation of the fairly large JSON files that includes more than 6 items that have lengthy descriptions about Stoma care. I chose the colors and overall theme for the project and I had AI help generate the CSS for the project to speed things up. And for the JS I had AI help generate a more in depth app file that fetched asynchronously, rendered the tip cards as they popped up, expand details, etc. Also to speed things up. After I had AI help me with this bulk busy work. I tweaked the HTML of the page to properly display what needed to be displayed on the screen.
